Add daily-check.md (#2701)
pingcap/docs: daily-check.md

## Key indicators of Dashboard

Starting from v4.0, TiDB provides a new operation and maintenance management tool, TiDB Dashboard. This tool is integrated into the PD component. The address is `http://${pd-ip}:${pd_port}/dashboard` by default.

TiDB Dashboard simplifies the operation and maintenance of the TiDB database. You can view the running status of the entire TiDB cluster through one interface, including cluster information, the running of SQL statements, data hotspots, searching logs, and real-time performance analysis, etc.

### Instance panel

![Instance panel](/media/instance-status-panel.png)

+ **Status**: This indicator is used to check whether the status is normal. For an online node, this can be ignored.
+ **Up Time**: The key indicator. If you find that the `Up Time` is changed, you need to locate the reason why the component is restarted.
+ **Version**, **Deployment Directory**, **Git Hash**: These indicators need to be checked to avoid inconsistent or even incorrect version/deployment directory.

### Host panel

![Host panel](/media/host-panel.png)

> You can view the usage of CPU, memory, and disk. When the average usage of any resource exceeds 60%, it is recommended to plan to scale out the capacity. When the average usage reaches 80%, it is recommended to scale out the capacity.

Reviewer: 通过主机面板可以查看 CPU、内存、磁盘使用率。当任何资源的平均使用率超过 60%，推荐安排扩容计划，达到 80%，推荐进行扩容。 这个原文写错了，改成：
通过主机面板可以查看 CPU、内存、磁盘使用率。当任何资源的平均使用率超过 80%，推荐安排扩容计划。

Author: updated

### SQL analysis panel

![SQL analysis panel](/media/sql-analysis-panel.png)

You can locate the slow SQL statement executed in the cluster. Then you can optimize the specific SQL statement.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Monitoring metrics

```

### Region panel

![Region panel](/media/region-panel.png)

+ `miss-peer-region-count`: The number of Regions without enough replicas. This value is not always greater than `0`.
+ `extra-peer-region-count`: The number of Regions with extra replicas. These Regions are generated during the scheduling process.

> + `empty-region-count`: The number of empty Regions, generated by executing the `TRUNCATE TABLE`/`DROP TABLE` statement. It this number is large, you can consider enabling `Region Merge` to merge Regions across tables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ `empty-region-count`: The number of empty Regions, generated by executing the `TRUNCATE TABLE`/`DROP TABLE` statement. If this number is large, you can consider enabling `Region Merge` to merge Regions across tables.
```

+ `pending-peer-region-count`: The number of Regions with outdated Raft logs. It is normal that a few pending peers are generated in the scheduling process. However, it is not normal if this value is large for a period of time.
+ `down-peer-region-count`: The number of Regions with an unresponsive peer reported by the Raft leader.

> + `offline-peer-region-count`: The number of Regions when removing peers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ `offline-peer-region-count`: The number of Regions during the offline process.
```

Generally, it is normal that these values are not `0`. However, it is not normal that they are not `0` for quite a long time.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Response time

```

### KV Request Duration

![TiKV request duration](/media/kv-duration-panel.png)

> The KV request duration 99 in TiKV. If you find nodes with a long duration, you can check whether there are hot spots, or whether there are nodes with poor performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The KV request duration 99 in TiKV. If you find nodes with a long duration, check whether there are hot spots, or whether there are nodes with poor performance.
```

### PD TSO Wait Duration

![TiDB TSO Wait Duration](/media/pd-duration-panel.png)

> The time it takes TiDB to obtain TSO from PD. The following lists reasons for long duration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The time it takes for TiDB to obtain TSO from PD. The following are reasons for the long wait duration:
```

+ High network latency from TiDB to PD. You can manually execute the ping command to test the network latency.
+ High load for the TiDB server.
+ High load for the PD server.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Hardware monitoring

```

### Overview panel

![Overview panel](/media/overview-panel.png)

> You can view the load, memory available, network traffic, and IO utilities. When a bottleneck is found, it is recommended to scale out the capacity, or to optimize the cluster topology, SQL, cluster parameters, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can view the load, memory available, network traffic, and I/O utilities. When a bottleneck is found, it is recommended to scale out the capacity, or to optimize the cluster topology, SQL, cluster parameters, etc.
```

> ### Exceptions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Exceptions
```

![Exceptions](/media/failed-query-panel.png)

You can view the errors triggered by the execution of SQL statements on each TiDB instance. These include syntax error, primary key conflicts, etc.

> ### GC status

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## GC status
```
